- Previously on "Nashville..."
- I had the pleasure of getting
to know your daughter Maddie.
- I don't do the things
you're asking me to do.
I don't move the way
you're asking me to move.
You've shown me what I look like
in my own mind.
How'd you do that?
- I didn't. You did.
- If you will let me, I think
I can help Highway 65 flourish.
- I want us
to write our story.
You don't wanna do it?
- Baby, I don't. It's been one
of the worst years of my life.
I don't much feel like
wading back into it.
- Why don't
you think about it?
- Okay, I'll think about it.
- ♪ One look
into your eyes ♪
♪ And I knew
that I was gone ♪
♪ Stars above looked down ♪
♪ And we counted every one ♪
- What's that?
- It's just something
I'm trying.
I don't know if it's working
or not, though.
It's about our first kiss.
- I love that.
- Yeah?
Coming offstage
at the Exit Inn?
- Honey, our first kiss
was not coming offstage
at the Exit Inn.
Our first kiss
was in your car
when you drove me home
from Stewart Osborne's party.
- Baby, our first kiss
was at the Exit Inn.
I know it was.
- No. We did not kiss
that night.
You were with
Samantha Beasley.
Samantha Beeswax, remember?
- Yeah, you might be right.
- You wish you'd kissed me
that night at the Exit Inn.
These are the facts, honey.
The rest
is just cheap whiskey.
(doorbell rings)
- That part's true.
- Yes, that part's true.
We know that.
- (chuckles)
- Yes?
- I have
a Gene Buckholder here.
- What's a Gene Buckholder?
- All right. Yeah.
You can send him up.
Thank you.
You remember when I told you
that Zach
wanted to hire this guy
to video us writing this record?
- No.
- Hello, Gene.
So nice to see you again.
- Hi, Ms. Jaymes.
Hope this isn't a bad time.
- Well, I'd like to think
I'd get a little more
advance notice, but...
- Hi. Gene Buckholder.
- Deacon Claybourne.
- I met Gene
last week at the office
and he's done
some amazing work
and he seems like
a nice fellow, so...
- So you're gonna film us
while we're writing?
- I promise
I won't get in the way.
In fact, today I thought
I'd just get
some establishing shots.
- Yeah, and I think we're gonna
set some limitations, too.
We won't shoot anything
in the bedroom,
and I think, you know,
the TV room
should be off-limits.
And dinner and nothing
with the girls, of course.
- So when will I film you?
- Um...I don't know.
We can go to see
the music room right now.
Shall we show him
the music room?
Let's show him
the music room. Okay.
This way.
- Do you ever wish
you'd done something
completely different
with your life?
- You mean like become
an astrophysicist?
- No. What would you have done
if you couldn't do music?
- Die. (chuckles)
- I envy you.
- Why?
- Because you just know.
People like you
are real lucky.
- Music's the only thing
that makes me happy.
- Yeah, but did you ever think
all this stuff was gonna happen?
Because I sure didn't.
- You know, I'm just gonna
check the video once more.
- Sure. Yeah.
- Whoa.
- What?
- We got a million views!
Check it out.
Oh, my God. 3,000 more?
(laughs)
(cell phones rings)
- Sorry.
(ring)
- Hello?
- No.
- Oh, hi.
- Yeah, it's wild, right?
- Yeah, um...
- That sounds good.
- It's NBC Nashville.
- No. After Buzz Nashville
wants to put us on the cover.
- Okay. Yeah, we could--
- Absolutely.
- Hang on. Tomorrow?
Can we do it tomorrow?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, we'll be there.
Thank you.
- Fantastic. All right.
- Okay, bye.
- All right. Bye.
Wow.
- Yep. Wow.
- Oh, this memorabilia
is amazing.
- Yeah.
- That's so cool.
- Uh-huh. So this
is the music room.
And I think that's
probably good for today.
- Zach said
that I should hang out
and like capture real life,
you know, as it happens.
- Maybe you can get some
real life in the kitchen.
- Yeah. I think we're
gonna get back to work.
So you could shoot some B-roll
in the kitchen?
That'd be good. We got lots
of good appliances.
Thanks, Gene. Thank you.
Are you kidding me?
- Well, I thought it
very conducive
to have a complete stranger
roaming around our home
filming everything we do.
Puts me in the mood
to write a beautiful song.
- Mm-hmm.
About Samantha Beasley.
- Oh, man, I'm not gonna
live that down ever.
- No, you're not.
- That girl was history
the minute
I laid eyes on you.
- That is so not--
you strung her along
until she told you
you'd better fish or cut bait.
- Perfect memory
is overrated, all right?
I was a little bit
of a mess back then.
- Mm-hmm. This is true.
It was a good kiss
in the car, though.
- Well, you and that kiss
was the first good thing
ever happened to me.
- It wasn't all fairy tale
after that, that's for sure.
- I know, but...
- Gene!
- I swear
I couldn't hear anything.
It just was a really good
moment between you two--
- Why don't I show you
to the kitchen.
It is so easy to get lost
in this house.
Zach,
this is not gonna work.
This record
is too important to us,
and we can't write it
if we've got some guy
breathing down our necks
all the time.
It's impossible.
- Look, Rayna, I hear you,
but this is the world
we live in.
We can't just put
out an album
and expect it
to sell itself, okay?
We have to keep finding
new ways of promoting you.
- Well, we are gonna
have to set some limits.
- Rayna, your fans,
they're gonna eat this up.
Are you kidding me?
A behind-the-scenes video
of you two
creating an album?
It's too good.
And you will have
final approval
on every bit of it,
I promise.
- Well, just so you know,
I take promises seriously.
- ♪ I went down
to the graveyard ♪
♪ Fell down on my knees ♪
♪ My tender knees ♪
- This is so awesome.
- Yeah. No, he's great.
Sorry about all the mess.
- No. It's fine.
I love it here.
It's like
all about the music.
It's you.
- Yeah, I know.
The crazy part of me maybe.
- The creative part.
- Well, I should be getting
you home. It's late.
- No. My parents go to sleep
at like 9:30 these days.
- God, you still live
with your parents?
- Don't hold that
against me.
- Whatever you say.
- Or I could stay
if you want.
- It's fine if you want
to be a little rebel
and piss your parents off.
- You really think
that's what this is about?
- Look,
I'm not good at this.
I mean, it gets serious,
that's it. I'm gone.
It's what I do.
- Then why
are you here with me?
- I don't want
to fall for you.
- You already have.
- Deacon?
- Hmm?
- You awake?
- No.
- I can't stop thinking
about Maddie and Clay.
- Oh, honey, maybe
we'll get lucky, you know,
and it'll just
burn itself out.
- Do you really
believe that?
- No.
- I mean, he's so much older
than she is. It's illegal.
- Honey, I think
you just need to go sleep.
Go to sleep.
- You can't just order
a person to go to sleep.
That's not how it works.
I think
I came up with an idea.
- For what, honey?
- What do you mean,
for what?
For the first song
on our record.
- Is it 3 A.M.?
- Once we decided
we were gonna start,
I couldn't really
stop thinking.
- I'm sure it's a wonderful
idea, sweetheart.
- Do you want to hear it?
I'm afraid if I don't tell,
I'm gonna forget it.
- I want to hear it, honey.
I'm just thinking that maybe
we should just go ahead
and, you know,
continue in the morning?
- It used to be so easy
for us to write.
I mean, we would literally
write a song in our sleep.
- I'm really excited
to be back in Nashville,
because I've told Hoda this.
I pretty much started
my career here
doing a TV show called
"Hee Haw Honeys."
- (laughs)
- I know. In 1977.
If they had TV in 1977.
- Hi, everybody. Today
we are so incredibly thrilled
to welcome to our couch
the Exes.
They are here.
You guys have dropped
a terrific new music video.
It's called "All of Me."
- "All of Me."
- And can I tell you
something?
The internet is exploding.
- It sure is.
- So how excited
are you guys?
- We're so excited.
We're kind of blown away.
- You must be. It's over
a million views already.
But I gotta say,
it's really
a bit of a departure
for the two of you
to do a video like this,
isn't it?
- It is. You know, we--
- It was a departure
for me, too,
and I think Scarlett
was a real revelation.
She took it
to the next level.
- Yeah, Scarlett,
what was that like for you,
I mean, revealing
so much of yourself?
- Well, I had to try
and understand
the person I was playing
and find a part of me
that could relate to her.
- Don't let her fool you.
I tortured her, basically.
- He did.
- Scarlett, when you
were doing this video,
did you feel like
something inside you changed?
- You know what?
I guess so.
I'm still trying
to figure that out.
- Well, all right. Let's all
take a look, shall we?
Ladies and gentlemen,
here it is.
"All of Me."
- "All of Me."
- ♪ Your touch, your touch
is everything now.
- I can't wait to get
all this makeup off.
- What the hell was that?
- What was what?
- You two sure got on
like a house on fire
after your little hatefest.
- That was fun.
- Yeah.
- Listen, I've got to bolt,
but, hey, let's celebrate.
Dinner tonight?
The three of us?
- I can't. Sorry.
- Can't.
I promised Avery
I'd finish a song with him.
But I'm sure Scarlett can.
- Hey, you guys figure it out.
I'll call you.
- You should go.
Be rude not to.
- What if I don't want to?
- Then don't.
- Do you want me to go?
- I don't care.
You can do whatever you want.
- All right.
So we're writing about love
and we're writing
about marriage.
- They say love is a story
and marriage
is a conversation.
- (chuckles)
- How you doing over there,
Gene?
- I'm okay.
- You know you can
head on out any time.
- Nope.
- Well, this is something.
This comes out of...
I been thinking
about all that time
we spent apart,
and somehow it always felt
like you were there with me.
Like, I mean, I just have
a little here.
♪ Around the corner
just a glimpse ♪
♪ Of the light
shining in your hair ♪
♪ The smell
of your perfume ♪
♪ Just like you were there ♪
- It's real pretty.
So you felt like
I was there with you
even when I wasn't.
- Yeah, kind of.
- I'm late.
- No, no. I'm early. Sit.
- Thank you.
- It's too bad Gunnar
couldn't join us.
I thought we could celebrate the
fact that we're still speaking.
But first,
I owe you an apology.
I was on a mission.
I admit it.
And I'm sure it felt like
I pushed you
way too hard sometimes.
- Go on.
- Okay, I was a jerk.
How's that?
Give me a break here.
You can pick up your glass
any time now.
Do you want me to grovel?
- It would be a start.
- Jeez, you are tough.
- Oh, and you
were just doing your job.
- We struck gold, Scarlett.
- Maybe.
- What do you got there?
- Well,
I'm reading something
that I wrote
in the middle of the night.
And now of course
I can't read my handwriting.
- Tell me more
about this idea.
- Well, I was thinking
about being homesick
for a place
you've never been before.
- I like that.
- You do?
- Yeah. What do you got?
- All right. So this goes...
♪ I know
what it looks like ♪
♪ I know how it feels ♪
♪ I was there once ♪
It's like
you know the place,
but you can't
get back there.
- No, it's kind of like
we were saying earlier
that thing about
when somebody's not there,
but you feel
like they're there.
And you're saying like
maybe the two of them
could go together.
- I know, but that
was your experience.
But that was just not...
I mean, you know, for me,
it was just a catastrophe.
- That's fair enough.
So what
do you got more on this?
- I mean, here I said,
why do people
always look for happiness
right where they lost it?
- Well, is that a good thing
or is it a bad thing?
- It's just a thing,
'cause I spent
so many years doing that.
- Deacon! My printer
ran out of ink,
and I need
to print my report.
- I'm coming, sweetie.
I'll be right back.
- If I could just...
If I could just...
Just, please, just the kiss.
It would be so great.
- No, we're not just gonna
kiss for the camera.
- Come on.
- No, no.
Bye, Gene. Bye.
- It wasn't even
a town really.
It was a farm
at the end of a dirt road
with a rural
delivery address.
But it was my whole world.
Well, until I took
my first airplane ride.
And I looked down
and I saw
Natchez, Mississippi,
my whole life really,
and it fit between
these two fingers.
( both laugh )
- No wonder doing
the video scared you.
- You scared me.
- Maybe you scared yourself.
I just know
I saw something in you,
something raw and real.
- Well, I hope it was a good
thing, whatever you saw.
- Oh, it was.
( indistinct arguing )
- Well, I'm a hero.
Needed an ink cartridge
and I know where they are.
You get this thing
figured out yet?
- Oh, it's going nowhere.
- Well,
let's turn it around.
- I think I need
to take a break.
- Oh, no. Come on, baby.
You're just talking to me
about you not--
- No, I need to stop.
- Come on, sweetheart.
I'm trying to work this out.
- Well, we can't.
- All right, damn it!
- What?
- Let's get the hell
out of here.
- Where do you wanna go?
- You'll see.
Bye, girls.
We're going out for a while.
- Honey, where are we going?
- Yeah, I don't know.
( both laugh )
Remember we used to just waltz
out the door without a plan?
- Oh, honey, we haven't waltzed
anywhere in 15 years.
( both laugh )
- Are you kidding me?
- What?
- He's following us.
- Gene, you are so fired!
- Here we go, baby.
Hang on!
- Babe, what are you doing?
I think you lost him.
- I think I did.
Now I'm gonna take you
on a date...alone.
- Focus, focus, focus.
Don't miss it.
- Oh!
- Nice.
- Your turn, baby.
You got this.
- All right.
- Yep.
Put a little English on it.
- Oh, no!
- There you go!
This is gonna be good!
- Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
- That's not bad.
You don't like that one?
- I got a couple
I gotta deal with.
- Would you like me to help?
I'm gonna help you on this one.
- No.
- Yeah, I am.
- I don't need your help.
I can get this.
Blast those pins
all by myself.
- It is all about
the angle, okay?
- Oh, is that right?
I have a feeling
you're just trying
to make me nervous.
- That's possible.
You put it right
in that pocket, okay?
- What are you doing?
You cannot tickle me!
( both laugh )
You made me lose.
- Well,
it's better than mine.
- Okay, Daph,
tell me about this boy.
- Well, his name is Flynn.
- Okay.
- He has this cute
crooked smile,
but he doesn't
really say much.
- You think he likes you?
- We're in
the very beginning stages
of our relationship, so...
- Well, the thing about boys
is they are completely clueless.
- What do you mean?
- It's like half the time
they aren't even awake.
This cake is gonna be in there
for like an hour.
( doorbell rings )
- Okay.
- I have a Clay Carter here.
Says he's here to see Maddie?
- Clay?
- Yeah, he's just coming
to say hey.
- He can come in.
- Okay. Daphne,
you cannot hang around us
the entire night, though.
Seriously.
- Hey, I'm Clay.
- I'm Daphne.
Nice to meet you.
- Thanks for letting me
come over.
- Of course.
Okay, Daphne, do not forget
to take this cake out.
We're just gonna be hanging out
upstairs, okay?
- Okay.
Can we play cards later?
- I would love that.
What's your game?
- Gin.
- Oh, I'm gonna
decimate you.
- You just wanted to quit
because I was winning.
It's nice just being us
for a change.
- Why don't we get a room?
- Are you serious?
- I'm dead serious.
I want to spend time
alone with you.
- So tempting.
( cell phone rings )
Hold on.
It's Security.
Hello?
- Ms. Jaymes?
- Yes?
- There's a fire alarm
going off in your residence
in the kitchen area.
- Oh, my God.
- We called the house,
but no one responded.
- Okay.
- Can you give us
your pass code?
- What's our pass code?
- I don't know.
- I can't think.
I don't think we know
our pass code.
- That's all right.
- You know what?
We're just gonna go home
right now, okay?
Thank you.
- All right, ma'am.
- Why didn't Maddie call?
- Look, let's just go.
- Is everything okay?
- Don't worry. Everything
is under control, ma'am.
No fire, just smoke.
- Okay. Thank you so much.
- Thank you very much.
- You got quite a little cook
there at home.
- ( coughs )
- Hi.
- So you were
baking something?
- Yep, and Clay
was just heading out.
- Nice to see you again.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah.
- I hope you guys
had fun tonight.
- We did...until
our fire alarm went off.
- Where's your sister?
- Upstairs.
- I want to talk to you
for a second.
- Come on. Everyone's fine.
The cake burned.
Nobody died.
- Where exactly were you
when the cake burned?
- So this is
a little awkward,
but I am actually a huge fan
of yours, Mr. Claybourne.
- Really?
- Don't worry, Mom.
It's not like anyone has
any privacy in this house ever.
- The point is,
your sister is here.
It's confusing to her.
- Yeah. I saw this show
you did outside of Memphis.
Amazing.
Really tight band, too.
That drummer, Donny...
- McAllister, yeah.
How long ago was that?
- Oh, this has got to be
about eight years ago.
- Huh.
- You don't know
the first thing about Clay
or what he's really like.
- We'll talk
about this later.
- No, we won't.
- Oh, yes, we will,
young lady.
My house, my rules.
- My life.
- Uh, bye, Mrs. Jaymes.
Bye, Maddie.
- Bye, Clay.
Lovely to see you.
- Hey!
What a great surprise!
- Ah, I can come back later
if you're busy.
- No, no. Come sit.
I was gonna call you
today anyway.
Two million hits?
- Yeah.
- That's incredible.
- It's crazy.
- Well, it is.
I am so proud of you.
I know it was not
as easy as it looked.
- ( laughs )
Not even close, no.
- We'll have to get y'all
on a tour pronto.
- Yeah. It's exciting.
But how are you?
How's writing with Deacon?
I haven't seen you.
- Oh, it's interesting.
Just trying to get on
the same page a little bit.
- Yeah,
I can relate to that.
- How are you and Gunnar?
- Um...hanging on,
sort of, barelyish.
- Oh, I'm sorry. I thought y'all
had gotten to a good place.
- So did I.
Then this director--
- Damien?
- Yeah.
I was so busy
hating on him,
I didn't realize I was learning
things from him about myself.
And Gunnar's intensity
right now
is a little difficult
to deal with.
- Mm-hmm. Nothing like being in
a relationship with an artist.
Two artists together?
Lord help you.
- Yeah, all we seem to do
is hurt each other,
and I'm starting to wonder
is that just the way
it's supposed to be or--
- Well, I don't know.
I think no relationship
is ever one thing.
You start out
with this great connection,
and then next thing
you know, it's gone.
- Yeah. You like ever
get it right again?
- Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
If you're lucky,
lots of times.
I remember the day that
Deacon and I were together.
We were at his lake house
in the woods.
It was a beautiful
misty day,
and we just had
this huge fight.
I don't remember
what it was about.
And I got so mad I just
decided I'm walking away.
I'm done.
I'm out of here.
But as I walked away,
I remember thinking to myself,
but if he comes after me
right now and he gets me,
then I'll be with him
forever.
- And he did?
- Well, it took him about
20 years, but eventually.
Like I said, I'm not
an expert in this matter.
- I guess nobody
got it easy.
- That's for sure.
- We meet again.
- Oh, hi.
- I was just going
to say goodbye to Rayna.
- Oh, so you're off then?
- Yeah. I leave tonight.
- Where to?
- Barcelona, film festival,
and then on to New York.
I'm doing a commercial.
- Oh, wow.
Well, safe travels.
- Yeah.
- Actually, no. I want to
thank you for everything.
- Still ever so formal.
- Yeah, that's me, I guess.
- Scarlett,
prepare yourself.
I don't think you know how much
your world is about to change.
- Oh, yeah. I can't even
go there right now, nope.
- Well, just promise me
you'll stay open.
I think all kinds
of wonderful things
are gonna start happening
for you.
- Thanks.
- Don't thank me.
I didn't do anything.
You did it.
- Oh...
- Goodbye, Scarlett.
- Bye.
- Okay, rolling.
- So, Daphne,
what is it like
having your Mom and Dad
work on an album together?
- Not fun.
- Why not?
- It looks hard being married
and working together.
It looks like quite
the challenge,
artistically, I mean.
Everyone
has their own vision,
but they do it better
than anyone else can
because they really do
love each other,
even though sometimes
it seems like they don't.
- What's that like when it
doesn't seem like it's working?
What's that like?
- I don't...
Can we cut here?
- It was a good idea coming
up here for inspiration.
- Yeah.
Did you get any yet?
- No.
- Me, neither.
It used to be so easy for us
to write together.
- It was so easy.
- What happened?
- I don't know.
- You think maybe
it's 'cause we got married
and domesticated each other
or something?
- No. I mean, day-to-day,
it can take
something out of you.
But something's changed.
Clearly we're not able
to just get down to it
like we used to.
- Yeah.
- Maybe we just need to go off
on our own for a little bit.
Just write individually,
come back, see what we got.
- You want to write
a duet album individually?
- It couldn't hurt,
you know.
I mean,
look where we are here.
- Honey,
you're so good at this.
- I'm so good at what,
Rayna?
- Quitting.
- I'm not quitting.
I didn't say anything
about quitting, all right?
That's not fair because--
- When things get real,
you get gone.
- Oh, my--
Is that really
where you are right now?
Is that where you are?
How far back
do you wanna go, huh?
You wanna go back to Maddie?
You wanna go back
to the drinking?
to our bad parents?
- I don't wanna
go back to all of it.
I don't wanna
be afraid of it.
I don't wanna be afraid
of who we are, you know.
I wanna be able
to touch our pain
without having
to hurt each other.
- Yeah, well,
clearly we can't, you know.
And by the way, I said that
from the very beginning.
I didn't wanna do this
for exactly the--
- Now you're yelling.
- I'm not--
I don't mean to yell.
I just don't wanna do this.
- I don't wanna
do this either.
I don't wanna
have to go back
into our patterns
and our drama and our...
And I sure as hell
don't wanna lose us.
- So you tell me, Rayna.
What do we do?
How do we do this?
- I don't know.
- Where's the sugar?
Thanks.
- So here we have it,
ladies and gentlemen.
We note a new development at
the Jaymes/Claybourne household.
Our parents
are no longer speaking.
- We're speaking.
- No.
Gene?
- You wanna stay in tonight?
Avery's heading over
to Juliette's.
- Yeah, sure.
- So you didn't tell me how your
dinner date went with Damien.
- It was fun.
- Fun?
That's a good word.
It's descriptive.
- Well, it was dinner.
- You okay?
- Gunnar, I gotta tell you
something,
and I don't want you
to react.
- At all? Sounds
impossible, but, okay.
- I felt something
for Damien.
I don't know what it was,
but...
- That's not exactly
breaking news, Scarlett.
The question is, what
are you gonna do about it?
- What do you mean?
Oh, nothing. He's gone.
- Oh, right.
So because he's gone,
that means nothing's
gonna happen now, right?
- No, of course not.
This whole thing's been
really confusing for me,
and whatever it was about,
it's over. Really.
- So you thought
you felt something,
but now it's over
and I'm supposed
to believe that.
- Yes.
- ( sighs )
- I'm being honest with you.
- I know, but how do you
expect me to react?
I mean,
I can't do this right now.
- Hey.
- Oh, my God.
I remember when you could never
fall asleep without this doll.
- It was yours,
and you cut off
all of her hair
and then gave it to me.
- She does look pretty lame.
Sorry about that.
So Mom said I upset you
by bringing Clay over.
- Why would I be upset?
- Well, I don't know.
I just don't want you to
feel confused, that's all.
- And why
would I be confused?
- Because, you know, Clay and I,
we're older and we...
- Does it hurt?
- Does what hurt?
- Being in love.
- Sometimes.
- Yeah, I thought so.
It kind of looks that way.
- Really?
Is it that obvious?
- Yeah. I mean,
it just seems to make everyone
act a little bit crazy.
Well, maybe
just around here.
- It's kind of hard
to describe.
- Try me.
- Well, it feels like...
like you've sewn someone else's
skin on top of yours,
and you can never
take it off
without feeling like you've
just been ripped apart.
( doorknob rattles )
( door opens )
- You hardly slept.
- That's okay.
- Honey, I thought
it was gonna be easy
for us to write our story.
- It wasn't easy
to live it.
Why should it be easy
to tell it?
- And, you know,
I think maybe
everything happened
the way it needed to for us.
- Yeah. Maybe if we'd
gotten together back then,
we'd have thrown
each other away by now.
- All I know is
I'm here right now,
and I'm not going
anywhere ever.
- Don't you dare.
You're my favorite
hurricane.
I wrote something
for you last night.
- That's funny. I wrote
something for you last night.
- You did?
- Yeah.
- What'd you write?
- Well, I wanna hear
yours first.
- No, no.
I wanna hear yours first.
- Well, I just have lyrics.
I don't really have music.
- Well, come on,
let's hear 'em.
- All right.
- What do you got?
- Okay.
I never questioned,
not even once
all of the twists and turns
and tumbles of our love--
- Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Oh, my God, Rayna.
- What?
- Watch this.
It fits
what I wrote perfectly.
This is crazy.
♪ So many nights ♪
♪ Down on my knees ♪
♪ Praying to God that you
could learn to forgive me ♪
♪ And underneath the pain ♪
♪ My favorite hurricane ♪
Then go to the fourth again.
- Okay,
but wait, wait, wait.
"You were on
the tip of my tongue."
I like that, but then...
Yeah, um...
Let's do it again.
In your...
( chuckles )
In your eyes.
In your eyes...
- You used "in your eyes"
already.
- Let's use it again.
( both laugh )
In your heart?
- In your heart,
that's okay.
- All right, all right.
Um...
- In your hair.
You could just say,
all this time I waited...
I want it
to really feel honest.
- I know, and it's about me
at that point anyway, right?
- Well, I'm trying to say
that I had a part in it, too.
( both laugh )
In the wind, you were on
the tip of my tongue.
- Like a kiss on my cheek.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, that's it.
♪ In the wind ♪
♪ Like a kiss ♪
♪ On my cheek ♪
♪ You're my shadow ♪
My shadow.
All along my shadow.
- ♪ Was the only way
of staying in the light ♪
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
( humming ) Yeah.
♪ Broke all the pieces
every time ♪
♪ You saved me ♪
♪ From coming all undone ♪
- How about here?
- I don't care.
I'm not hungry.
- You didn't have to come
with me, you know.
- Oh, excuse me, Scarlett.
- Yeah?
- Could you sign this?
- Oh, sure.
- I just loved your video.
- Thank you.
That's so kind of you.
Here you go.
- Sure nice to meet you.
- Thanks.
- Bye.
Let's just go here.
Are you just not gonna
speak to me at all?
- What do you want?
- Will you be having drinks?
- No, thank you.
- Yeah.
Look, I'm not the one having
second thoughts about us.
- Oh! I'm sorry.
That's kind of unbelievable
considering all the crap
you've put me through.
And I tell you one thing,
the moment it happens, and you--
- Okay. I'm sorry.
Maybe it hurt to hear it,
Scarlett.
- Okay,
I need you to grow up.
I'm with you.
Does that mean
anything to you?
- ♪ I never questioned ♪
- ♪ Not even once ♪
Both: ♪ All of the twists
and turns ♪
♪ And tumbles of our love ♪
- ♪ So many nights ♪
♪ Down on my knees ♪
♪ Praying to God that you
could learn to forgive me ♪
Both: ♪ And underneath
the pain ♪
♪ My favorite hurricane ♪
- ♪ I almost lost you ♪
- ♪ You may have lost me ♪
Both: ♪ You're on
the tip of my tongue ♪
♪ In the wind
like a kiss on my cheek ♪
- ♪ But I lost those years ♪
- ♪ Yeah, they've come
and gone ♪
Both: ♪ I know
they still haunt me ♪
♪ Like a lonesome
lover's song ♪
♪ But underneath the pain ♪
♪ My favorite hurricane ♪
♪ And all
I ever did to you ♪
♪ What you ever did to me ♪
♪ Was only what we had to do
to keep on breathing ♪
♪ Now I see
that all along your shadow ♪
♪ Was my only way
of staying in the light ♪
♪ I fell down,
broke all the pieces ♪
♪ Every time,
you saved me ♪
♪ From coming all undone ♪
♪ And underneath the pain ♪
♪ You're my favorite
hurricane ♪